dtc-rulebook.md/ §5 add normative sentence as proposed in #287 (#289)
APTITUDE-Consortium/aptitude-eudi-wallet-specs: docs/rulebook/wp3/dtc-rulebook.md

CSCA root certificates MAY also be obtained from the ICAO PKD by any Relying Party.

> For the purpose of interoperability tests and piloting, issung authorities are requested to provide a certificates of a test CSCA which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of interoperability tests and piloting, issuing authorities are requested to provide a certificate of a test CSCA which
```

* SHALL be published at a stated distribution point,

> * SHALL be bounded in validity and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SHALL be bound in validity and
```

CSCA root certificates MAY also be obtained from the ICAO PKD by any Relying Party.

For the purpose of interoperability tests and piloting, issuing authorities are requested to provide a certificate of a test CSCA which

> * SHALL be published at a stated distribution point,

Reviewer: @Jonne-bdr Do we need to be more precise about what we mean by "distribution point"? Or will this be more detailed in D.3.2?

Author: Yes D3.2 will spell this out , see https://github.com/APTITUDE-Consortium/aptitude-eudi-wallet-specs/issues/287#issuecomment-5343336279

 | [RFC 2119] | RFC 2119 - Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels, S. Bradner, March 1997 |
 | [ICAO-DTC-VC-TR] | ICAO Technical Report, Digital Travel Credentials (DTC) - Virtual Component Data Structure and PKI Mechanisms, Version 1.2, October 2020 |
 | [ICAO-DTC-PC-TR] | ICAO Technical Report, Digital Travel Credentials (DTC) - Physical Component and Protocols, Version 1.1, October 2022 |
 | [APTITUDE-D3.1] | APTITUDE, D3.1: Stock‑Taking, Analysis and Specifications — pilot use cases and advance submission, 27‑02‑2026. |
 | [APTITUDE-D3.2] | APTITUDE, D3.2: Work in progress on Technical and functional specifications for DTC experimentations. |
 | [EU-API-2025-12] | Regulation (EU) 2025/12 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 December 2024 on the collection and transfer of  advance passenger information for enhancing and facilitating external border checks, amending Regulations (EU) 2018/1726 and (EU) 2019/817, and repealing Council Directive 2004/82/EC. |

> 

Reviewer: @Jonne-bdr I think this part is wrngly inserted here and must be removed.

Author: Ah you're right, somehow the file appears to have append itself to itself ... I've now removed the dupliacte lines from 630 to the end, see 655f84a

Reviewer: perfect.
